Â© 2017 by Atlantis Marine Construction Canada Inc.

            

  LEADERS IN QUALITY CONSTRUCTION & PROJECT MANAGEMENT

  SERVICES

  Preconstruction Planning

Working with you to predetermine the required tasks that must be performed to
successfully reach a projects goals resulting in fewer change orders, setting
& meeting schedule deadlines and mitigating budget risks.

  Design-Build

We understand that particpating in the design development phase with
architects and engineers offers many opportunities to maximize value for our
clients and provides a single Project Manager, thereby streamlining the entire
process, reducing risks and cost for the project owner.

  Construction  
Management

Depending on your needs, we will work with the design team, trade contractors
and suppliers to ensure your projects are delivered on time and on budget.

  ABOUT AMCC

Atlantis Marine Construction Canada Inc.  (AMCC) brings 20 years of experience
specializing in difficult, environmentally sensitive projects including de-
watering and in-water work, dredging and creating marinas, development of
ponds, diverting waterways and large earthworks projects, shoreline
protection, riverbank/slope stabilization and engineered retaining walls.



Many of these projects have involved stringent guidelines from Fisheries and
Oceans Canada as well as the Ministry of Natural Resources.



In addition to their experience and expertise, a key advantage to AMCC is that
its equipment includes the Total Station Topcon 3-D MC Platform and 3D MC2
Dozer high performance grading technology. This allows CAD drawings to be
loaded into the systems and grade to be completed within millimeters of
specifications. It also provides real-time productivity, confirming accurate
on-grade reports on-demand.



The purchase of Rigbe Rock Quarry in Buckhorn, Ontario ensures the company has
a readily available, high grade supply of aggregate and armour stone for all
its projects.





Rigbe Rock is a leading supplier of natural stone products to the
construction, erosion control and landscape design industries. Our projects
include the supply of consistent, high-grade products to federal, provincial,
municipal and privately funded projects.



The 400-acre Rigbe Quarry was purchased by Rigbe Rock in 2015 and is located
in Buckhorn, Ontario. Unlike many other quarries, Rigbe Quarry relies on
drilling, rather than blasting which can cause internal cracking and weakening
of large pieces, when extracting its stone products. We can therefore better
manage the sizing of each piece to the specified project need.



We offer a wide range of superior stone including armour stone as well as
other rock products such as curbstone, rock cubes, steps, riprap all the way
down to medium aggregate which is crushed on site.

  OUR QUARRY

  PROJECTS

  Nottawasaga River Bank Stabilization

2015  Project Value 2.5M  
  
Construction of bank stabilization with stone treatment of the Nottawasaga
River and corresponding excavation to maintain the rivers cross-sectional
area to ensure no impact to adjacent flood elevations.  
  
Imported and placed 40,000 tonnes of granite and aggregate to stabilize the
river banks.

  Lake House Shoreline Stabilization

2016  Project Value 4.0M  
  
Completed a shoreline retaining wall with in-water work. Completed all
surveys, installed over 10,000 square meters of geotextile material and all
silt protection.  
  
Remediated mixed fill areas, excavated 44,000 cu metres and placed 20,000
tonnes of armour stone and aggregate.

  Oak Bay Marina

2014  Project Value 2.8M  
  
Removal of existing structures to accommodate construction of the marina,
sorting of the material, preparation of the material for disposal, storing or
stockpiling. Supply and erection of safety fences, traffic, dust and mud
control on site and along access. Dewatering, blasting and dredging a marina
excavating 20,000 cubic meters. Stabilizing the shorewall for return of water.

Show More

  Details from some of our projects

  CLIENTS

  CONTACT

  Inquiries

For any inquiries, questions or commendations, please call: 705-333-3523 or
fill out the following form.

Send

  Head Office

443 Railside Drive

Brampton, ON L7A 1E1

T: 705 333 3523

E:  graham@amccinc.ca

  Employment

To apply for a job with AMCC, please send a cover letter together with your
resume to:  graham@amccinc.ca

  Get a quote: 705-333-3523

   HOME 

   SERVICES 

   ABOUT AMCC 

   OUR QUARRY 

   PROJECTS 

   CONTACT 

   More 

