Open Menu

   Home 
   About Us 
     History 
     Leadership Advantage 
     Leadership Team 
     LEED/Sustainability 
     Gold Seal 
     In-House Advantage 
     Modern Construction Methods 
       Building Information Modeling (BIM) 
       Integrated Project Delivery (IPD) 
       Lean Construction 
     Associations 
     Awards 
     Active Projects 
   Construction Services 
     Design-Build 
     Construction Management 
     General Contracting/Bid Spec 
     Specialty Projects 
     Grow-Op Construction 
   Sectors Served 
     Recreational 
     Institutional 
     Residential 
     Industrial 
     Food Processing and Distribution 
     Commercial 
     Energy 
     Heritage Restoration 
     Grow-Op 
   Safety 
     COR 
     Trade Forms 
     IHSA Video Presentations 
   Testimonials 
     Videos 
     Letters 
   Whats New 
     Community 
       KW Titans Professional Basketball 
     Philanthropy 
   Contact Us 
     Careers 
     Tenders 
     Bidding 

5 Shirley Ave

Kitchener, Ontario

519-742-5851

admin@ballcon.com

   Home 
   About Us 
     History 
     Leadership Advantage 
     Leadership Team 
     LEED/Sustainability 
     Gold Seal 
     In-House Advantage 
     Modern Construction Methods 
       Building Information Modeling (BIM) 
       Integrated Project Delivery (IPD) 
       Lean Construction 
     Associations 
     Awards 
     Active Projects 
   Construction Services 
     Design-Build 
     Construction Management 
     General Contracting/Bid Spec 
     Specialty Projects 
     Grow-Op Construction 
   Sectors Served 
     Recreational 
     Institutional 
     Residential 
     Industrial 
     Food Processing and Distribution 
     Commercial 
     Energy 
     Heritage Restoration 
     Grow-Op 
   Safety 
     COR 
     Trade Forms 
     IHSA Video Presentations 
   Testimonials 
     Videos 
     Letters 
   Whats New 
     Community 
       KW Titans Professional Basketball 
     Philanthropy 
   Contact Us 
     Careers 
     Tenders 
     Bidding 

Construction  
Management

Learn More

Design  
Build

Learn More

Learn More

Construction  
Management

Design  
Build

Learn More

Construction  
Management

Learn More

General Contracting  
& Bid Spec

Learn More

  Your trusted single-source construction partner. Building Canada's future
since 1923.

Request Information

  Design-Build

As an industry leader in the design-build process, we will act as your single
source for all aspects of the design and construction process, working closely
with you through all phases of the project.

Learn More

  Construction Management

Through the construction management process, we create a partnership with you
the owner and the appropriate consultants and subcontractors and put together
the plan.

Learn More

  General Contracting/Bid Spec

Ball Construction is responsible for the overall supervision and coordination
of your entire project. This forms the roots of our industry experience.

Learn More

  Specialty Projects

Ball Constructions Specialty Projects team is dedicated, focused and
progressive. Weve built on our strengthsall the while maintaining our core
belief that we must do every job honestly, fairly and ethically.

Learn More

  Grow-Op Construction

Canadas burgeoning cannabis industry is highly regulated and this demands
high standards of compliance. Ball Construction has the expertise to get your
facility up and running.

Learn More

  Featured Ball Client Testimonials

  HISTORY

  LEADERSHIP ADVANTAGE

  SUSTAINABILITY

  GOLD SEAL

  HISTORY

In 1923, Ball Brothers General Contractors was founded as a partnership
between Frank and Harold Ball. The growing company was then incorporated as
Ball Brothers Limited in 1930. After World War II, Franks son, Bill, and
Harolds eldest son, Jack, joined the business along with Harolds other two
sons, Jim and Thom.

Read More

  LEADERSHIP ADVANTAGE

Ball Construction employs a team of professionals who are committed to detail,
excellence and efficiency and have a desire to complete every project to a
high level of client satisfaction. Cost control, project scheduling, quality
and safety are monitored by qualified site superintendents supported by
cooperative office staff.

Read More

  SUSTAINABILITY

Sustainable building means less water, less waste and less energy use. Ball
Construction has been a pioneer in the green building movement. We are
dedicated to upholding and innovating sustainable building practices and
principles through such certification programs as Leadership in Energy and
Environmental Design (LEED) because we know its the right thing for the
planet, and it also ensures our clients measurable and significant savings
over the lifetime of their investment.

Read More

  GOLD SEAL

The Gold Seal program has been developed and managed by the Canadian
Construction Association, and it is a national program for project managers,
superintendents and estimators to ensure a high calibre of construction
management.

Read More

  Our Projects

     Garnet B Rickard Recreation Complex 

     Waterloo Co-operative Residence  Phase I 

     Milton Sports Centre 

     Luther Village  Phase I & II 

     Extendicare 

     Atwood  Plant Rebuild 

     Yardman Arena 

     Steve Kerr Memorial Complex 

  Testimonial

   One of the key decisions that we made early in the process was to engage your firm as a leader throughout all aspects of the project. Your team was always professional, courteous and committed to doing a great job for our organization. I took personal pride in discussing with colleagues and associates that Ball Construction was overseeing the construction phase of our project. 

Joe Dietrich, C.I.P.  ,  President & C.E.O., Trillium Mutual Insurance Company

   We have found Ball Construction Limited to be a top quality firm with the expertise and resources to provide a new building of the highest quality. Our experience has been that not only to they work well with the Owner, but they maintain excellent working relationships with their subcontractors and with the Owners consultants throughout all phases of the project. 

Alan G. McGregor  ,  Project/Construction Manager, The City of Waterloo

   The Ball team did not disappoint us. The site team project manager and site supervision kept us on schedule. I truly believe that having a focus on how we can, rather than why we cant was an essential characteristic that ensured the successful completion of our $13M project. 

Stephen Bienkowski  ,  Chief Operating Officer & Governor, Kitchener Rangers
Hockey Club

  Ball News

Read All News

  KW Titans Wrap Up Break-Through Season

17 Jun 2019

0 Comments

"On the Ball" Newsletter

  Ball Construction Golfers Defy Weather at Annual Tourney

17 Jun 2019

0 Comments

"On the Ball" Newsletter

  Why We Work Safely

17 Jun 2019

0 Comments

"On the Ball" Newsletter

  Partners and Associations

Many great relationships built over decades of experience.

                  

  About Us

For almost a century, Ball Construction has been engaged in many of the
largest and most challenging construction projects in Ontario. As a family
owned business, we have earned a reputation for delivering cost-effective work
of exceptional quality and value.

  Recent Posts

   KW Titans Wrap Up Break-Through Season 
   Ball Construction Golfers Defy Weather at Annual Tourney 
   Why We Work Safely 
   KW Titans in Playoff Pursuit vs. London Lightning 
   Durham College New Facility Announcement 

  Recent News

KW Titans Wrap Up Break-Through Season

17 Jun 2019

Ball Construction Golfers Defy Weather at Annual Tourney

17 Jun 2019

Copyright 2019 Ball Construction. All Right Reserved.

Designed and Developed by  MoreSALES.ca  .

