Â© 2018 by DeMan Construction Corporation. Web Site proudly created by  Page
One Marketers

      

      

Call Peter DeMan Direct

            

  LEADERS IN QUALITY CONSTRUCTION AND

  GENERAL CONTRACTOR

  DeMan Expertise

Shoppers Drug Mart - Project

Click here to view the DeMan Shoppers Drug Mart project

The DeMan History

Click here to view the DeMan Construction History

Cooler - Freezer Floor Specialists

Click here to view Freezer-Cooler Floors page

Heavy Industry - Railway Facilities

Click here to see CN and CPR Railway page

Food Processing Plants

Click here to view the Food Processing Plants page

Transportation Loading Docks

Click here to view the Transportation Loading Docks page

Instutional-Education-Government

Click here to view the Institutional Education Government page

Healthcare, Dental and Vetrinarian

Click here to view Healthcare, Dental and Veterinarian construction page

  Our Diverse Portfolio Shows Nothing is Too Big or Too Small -  (  click
each section to see more  )

Rec Centers and Commercial Pools

Click this to view the Recreational Centers and Commercial Pools page

Office Commercial Millwork

Click this to view the Office Commercial Millwork page

Pre-Construction Planning Services

Click this to view the Pre-Construction Planning Services page

Concrete and Structural Steel

Click this to view the Concrete and Structural Steel page

Retail Food Service Construction

Click this to view the Retail Food Service page

Automotive Dealerships

Click this view the Automotive Dealerships page

Maintenance - Electrical - Plumbing

Click this link to see our Maintenance | Electrical | Plumbing page

Toronto Congress Center

Click this to see our Toronto Congress Center construction sequence page

Download DeMan Project Portfolio

Tips for Choosing a Commercial Contractor

  Harness Our Expertise to Construct Your Dream

  About DeMan Construction Corporation

Located in the City of  Mississauga at  776 Dundas Street East,  DeMan
Construction Corp  is a design-build and General Contracting company that
serves clients throughout Southern Ontario GTA. With over 60 years of
experience,  DeMan Construction  has completed projects for many businesses.
Our work is showcased across Mississauga in industrial manufacturing
facilities, food production and processing plants, medical and veterinary
clinics, retail centers, corporate offices, and transportation facilities.
Today,  DeMan Construction  remains the top construction company in
Mississauga and the Greater Toronto Area.  .

With a long history of satisfied clients,  DeMan  prides itself on an
unwavering commitment to customer service and satisfaction. The companys
devoted and highly skilled staff makes daily operations possible and keeps
even the tightest construction deadlines on track.

No project is too big or too small for  DeMans  expert construction team.
Mississauga building projects range from $500K to $15M range and each customer
receives the same dedicated level of care and attention to detail.  DeMans
service division completes a wide range of smaller projects ranging from  $500
to $500K  . The service department is equipped to handle a variety of
industrial or commercial projects.

Robert DeMelo - Plant Manager

Blue Goose Pure Foods (o/a Tender Choice Foods)

  Testimonials

Hello Peter,



I just wanted to thank you for your support over the last few weeks. We
appreciate the urgency you mobilized your people with to get us back up and
running. Chachi has been fantastic in terms of his support and getting things
done in the plant. I would highly recommend your services to anyone else that
asks. We will be in touch for any construction work needed going forward.

  1955

  Year Established

  8000+

  Projects Completed

  $20m

  Per Year in Sales

  52

  Ontario Cities We've Built In

  DeMan Construction Clients

(small sample)

  CONTACT US

  Inquiries

For any inquiries, questions or free estimates, please call: 905-277-0363 or
fill out the following form

Send

  Head Office

776 Dundas Street East

Mississauga  , ONT L4Y 2B6

peter@demancorp.com

Tel: 905-277-0363

Fax: 905-277-0369

Call Peter DeMan Direct

  Employment

To apply for a job with DeMan Construction, please send a cover letter
together with your resume to:  careers@demancorp.com  or upload with button
below -  Good Luck!

Upload Your Resume Here

  Get a Quote: 905-277-0363

  Great Advise: 905-277-0363

   HOME 

   SERVICES GALLERY 

   ABOUT DeMan 

   PROJECTS 

   CLIENTS 

   CONTACT 

   MORE 

