  Welcome To Demik Construction, General Contractors!

  

Go to content

Main menu:

   Home 
   Past Projects 
   Health and Safety 
     Safety Form Downloads 
     Safety Manual 
     Post Training 
     Safety Suggestions 
   Tenders 
   Contact Us 
   Affiliations 
   Demik Homes 

  

Welcome To Demik Construction  

As a diversified company, Demik has expertise in many specialized areas within
the construction industry such as design build, school construction, and the
construction of seniors facilities as well as various other projects within
industrial, commercial, and institutional construction. All projects are
completed to Demiks superior standards and the company continually provides
its broad client base with an increasing number of services, options, and
benefits. Demik Construction takes its responsibilities to both its clients
and its employees seriously. Since the companys inception there has been a
stringent safety policy in place to ensure the safety of all involved. This
dedication to safety benefits everyone involved, as the team members are
protected and valued by the company, which in turn translates into higher
rates of productivity and efficiency for both the company and the client.  
  
  

Founded in 1957, Demik Construction provides a complete range of General
Contracting services including construction management, negotiated and
stipulated sum contracts, design build contracts, maintenance programs, and
renovations. Demik maintains the necessary equipment and an experienced
workforce that can perform the following services: excavation, site services,
demolition, concrete, rough carpentry, and finished carpentry. Over the
decades that the company has been serving Southern and Central Ontario, it has
gained a reputation for dependable work of the highest caliber.  
  

Clients choose Demik Construction because the company has proven time and
again that it can handle the demands and challenges of any project within the
industry. Accurate quoting combined with the companys experience and
expertise with a broad range of construction applications means that clients
can rest assured that their projects are in capable hands and will be
completed on time and within budget. Demik Construction puts the client first
and insists upon the highest standards in workplace safety, material quality,
and construction techniques.  
  
  
  
  

Home  |  Past Projects  |  Health and Safety  |  Tenders  |  Contact Us  |
Affiliations  |  Demik Homes  |  Site Map

  

Waterboy Web Design  |  info@demik.com  

  

Back to content  |  Back to main menu

