   Blog 
   Testimonials 
   Careers 
   Contact 

VIEW TENDERS

  416-675-7676

   Home 
   About 
     Overview 
     Mission 
     Sustainability 
     Memberships 
     Safety 
   Services 
     General Contracts 
     Project Management 
     Design Build 
     Alteration/Renovation 
   Tenders 
   Markets 
     Healthcare 
     Education 
     Transportation 
     Condos/Residential 
     Commercial 
     Public Spaces 
   Projects 
     Healthcare 
     Education 
     Transportation 
     Condos/Residential 
     Commercial 
     Public Spaces 
     Alteration/Renovation 
     All Categories 
   FAQ 

BIG ENOUGH TO DO ANYTHING,  SMALL ENOUGH TO CARE

Quality Workmanship. Innovative Solutions. Timely Development.

VIEW PROJECTS  VIEW TENDERS

BIG ENOUGH TO DO ANYTHING,  SMALL ENOUGH TO CARE

Quality Workmanship. Innovative Solutions. Timely Development.

VIEW PROJECTS  VIEW TENDERS

BIG ENOUGH TO DO ANYTHING,  SMALL ENOUGH TO CARE

Quality Workmanship. Innovative Solutions. Timely Development.

VIEW PROJECTS  VIEW TENDERS

  Professional Construction Corporation Company Toronto

  Overview

As a general contractor, design builder or in a management role, DINEEN
Construction Cor­p­or­ation is recognized for its high quality of workmanship,
innovative solutions and speed of completion for a wide range of projects.
DINEEN is comm­itted to the pursuance of design innovation, outstanding
product quality, superb engin­eering, pro­ject efficiency and total client
satisfaction.

Read More

  PROJECT PORTFOLIO

Pictures are worth a thousand words! Browse our project portfolio to get an
idea of the type of work we are capable of.

Healthcare

Education

Transportation

Condos/Residential

Commercial

Public Spaces

Alteration/Renovation

View Portfolio

  Mission

DINEEN Construction Corp­or­ations core values are Sin­cerity, Safety, Trust
and Comm­itment, which we maintain during all interactions with our clients,
trades and staff. The leadership and staff at DINEEN Construction Corporation
are totally committed to delivering our projects on time and on budget while
abiding by our core values.

Read More

  Sustainability

DINEEN Construction is proud to be a leader in Green con­struction. DINEEN
focuses on providing optimal energy and water effi­ciencies, maximizing the
use of local products and water diversion from landfills, providing enhanced
comm­ission and minimizing the use of toxic materials.

Read More

  BLOG POSTS

  North Pickering Health...

  Posted by  Dineen  / July 04th, 2019

June 20th marked an important milestone for Lakeridge Health and Partners,
including Dineen...

Read More

  Dineens 2019...

  Posted by  Dineen  / June 21st, 2019

Dineen extends sincere appreciation to all those who donated, sponsored and
participated at our...

Read More

  Announcing...

  Posted by  Dineen  / April 23rd, 2019

Dineen's 28th Charity Golf Tournament...

Read More

  Announcement

  Posted by  Dineen  / April 15th, 2019

Further to a formal RFP process, on April 1, 2019, Lakeridge Health has
selected NorthWest...

Read More

  GEORGE BROWN COLLEGE...

  Posted by  Dineen  / January 31st, 2019

Read More

  Hampton Place Topping Off

  Posted by  Dineen  / August 22nd, 2018

We are incredibly proud to announce the top off of the Hampton Place project
on August 24, 2018.

Read More

  FAQ

  Q. Does Dineen carry insurance?

A. Yes, Dineen provides general liability insurance on all projects. Builders
risk insurance can be provided upon request along with environmental insurance
coverage.

  Q. Does Dineen provide a warranty on projects?

A. Dineen provides an industry standard warranty of one year from the date of
substantial performance; however, other durations can be negotiated.

View All

   Home 
   About 
   Services 
   Tenders 
   Markets 
   Projects 
   FAQ 
   Blog 
   Testimonials 
   Careers 
   Contact 
   Site Map 

  Dineen Construction (2017) Corporation

70 Disco Road, Suite 300, Toronto, M9W 1L9  
416-675-7676

© 2018 Construction Corporation Company - Dineen.com. All Rights Reserved.  
Powered by TechWyse  

