  Icon Constructors Inc.

Navigation

   About Us 
   Leadership Team 
   Our Services 
   Project Portfolio 
     Gallery 
   Contact Us 
   Corporate Brochure 

   About Us 
   Leadership Team 
   Our Services 
   Project Portfolio 
     Gallery 
   Contact Us 
   Corporate Brochure 

  

  

  About Us

We are an industry leader in interior construction, utilizing our experience,
knowledge and resources to provide professional construction services. We
pride ourselves on the ability to assist each and every client in achieving
their goals and realizing their vision. Our hands-on approach and dedicated
team of in-house staff and site personnel are key elements in our ability to
deliver hundreds of projects successfully from start to finish, on schedule
and on budget.

Read more

  

  

  Leadership Team

  A Senior Management Team of owner / operators with over 30 years of
experience and expertise in the retail and commercial sector of the
construction industry.

ARTUR SLOWIKOWSKI

aslowikowski@iconconstructorsinc.com

DINO BASTASIN

dbastasin@iconconstructorsinc.com

JOHN FABRIZIO

jfabrizio@iconconstructorsinc.com

As Owners, managers and operators, we have over 30 years of experience and
expertise in the retail and commercial sector of the construction industry.
Our knowledge of design, manufacturing, construction and fixturing
installations are assets that benefit our ability to execute projects of
various size and complexity. Our organizational skills, project management
expertise and understanding of client needs and construction processes allows
us to work effectively with consultants and manage subtrades, suppliers, in-
house staff and site personnel to achieve desired results and expectations. As
Owners, managers and operators, our hands-on approach to the needs of our
clients reflect our commitment and dedication to the successful execution and
completion of projects in a professional, timely, efficient and cost-effective
manner.

  

  

  

  Our Services

  

  General Contracting

We specialize in interior construction and 

Read More

  

  Project Management

Communication, coordination and scheduling are essential for 

Read More

  

  Millwork & Store Fixtures

With our network of vendors, millwork shops, metal fabricators 

Read More

  

  Fixturing & Signage

Our in-house team of experienced, dependable supervisors and 

Read More

  

  

  Project Portfolio  

  

[galeria layout="album" imagenumber="9"]

View Gallery

  

  Contact Us

HEAD OFFICE:

6801 Columbus Road  Mississauga, ON  L5T 2G9

OFFICE:  905.795.9300  
FAX:  905.795.9363

EMAIL:  info@iconconstructorinc.com

  

  

  

CAREERS:

We are always looking to find talented individuals  
to join our growing team.

EMAIL:  careers@iconconstructorinc.com

Your Name (required)  

Your Email (required)  

Subject  

Your Message  

  

Get Directions

  

Proudly  
Supporting  
Members:

  

  
|  
---|---  
  
  

   About Us 
   Leadership Team 
   Our Services 
   Project Portfolio 
   Contact Us 
   Corporate Brochure 

Â© 2018 - All rights reserved. iconconstructorsinc.com

Design by ebagcommunications.com

